CHEATING SECTION





What will happen if you are caught cheating on the knowledge test?



	You will not be allowed to take another test for 6 weeks.



	You will never be allowed to take another test.



	Nothing, there is no penalty.



What will happen if you offer a testing officer a bribe to pass your driving test?



	Action will be taken against you. The penalties are severe and include fines and imprisonment.

	Only the testing officer will be investigated.



	Nothing, there is no penalty.



What will happen if a testing officer asks you for a bribe to pass your driving test and you give it to him or her?



	Action will be taken against all involved. The penalties are severe and include fines and imprisonment.

	Nothing, there is no penalty.



	Only the testing officer will be investigated.





















































































drivingtestnsw.com

3 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





GENERAL KNOWLEDGE SECTION





Can a P1 or P2 provisional driver legally instruct a learner driver?



	No.



	Yes, provided the provisional driver has held a P2 licence for more than 6 months.



	Yes, provided L and P1 or P2 plates are displayed.



To progress to a P2 provisional licence, a P1 provisional driver must hold a P1 licence for a minimum period of -



	12 months.



	18 months.



	24 months.



If one or two of your wheels run off the edge of the roadway, you should -



	Slow down gradually and ease back onto the road.



	Slow down quickly by braking hard.



	Increase your speed and drive back on the road.



If there are no lanes marked on the road, you should drive -



	Near to the left-hand side of the road.



	Anywhere on your side of the road.



	Along the middle of the road.



If you breakdown on a freeway, you should -



	Move over to the emergency lane on the shoulder to the left.



	Stay where you are and wait for a tow truck.



	Move into the right-hand lane, so you can be seen.



If you intend to turn left, are you required to give a signal?



	Yes, if turn signals are fitted to your vehicle.



	No, if turning left from a lane marked left turn only.



	No, if arrows are marked on the roadway.



What is meant by this sign on or near a bridge?





	Slow down and be prepared to give way to vehicles travelling in the opposite direction.

	Stop at all times before crossing the bridge and only give way to pedestrians who may be crossing.



	Do not overtake a vehicle travelling in the same direction.

















drivingtestnsw.com

4 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





When reversing, you should -



	Take care and never reverse for a greater distance and time than is necessary.



	Unbuckle your seat belt so you can reverse as quickly as possible.



	Sound your horn to warn other drivers.



How close can you park to another vehicle when parked parallel to the kerb?



	You must leave at least 1 metre front and back.



	You must leave at least 2 metres from the front only.



	You must leave at least 3 metres front and back.



Where there is parallel kerbside parking, are you allowed to double-park alongside a parked vehicle?



	No, not at any time.



	Yes, if delivering goods.



	Yes, if not obstructing traffic.



Do you have any responsibilities when opening a vehicle door on a roadway?



	Yes, you must not open a door if you are likely to cause danger to road users or impede traffic.

	No, any following traffic must stop if the door interferes with its progress.



	No, there is no regulation to cover this situation.



Are you permitted to park on a median strip or traffic island?



	No, not at any time.



	Yes, in daylight hours.



	Yes, but for no more than 30 minutes.



Are you permitted to park in the direction of the arrow?



	No, not at any time.



	Yes, provided no taxis are using the area.



	Yes, if you are carrying two or more passengers.



When driving at sunset or dawn on a dark day, what should you do?



	Turn on your lights on low beam.



	Keep your sunglasses on to cut down headlight glare.



	Turn on your hazard warning lights.



You are driving at night with your headlights on high beam. When should you dip your headlights?



	When within 200 metres of the vehicle ahead or an oncoming one.



	When within 200 metres of an oncoming vehicle only.



	Never, you are allowed to drive with your lights on high beam at all times.















drivingtestnsw.com

5 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You are driving in a 60 km/h zone, with only one lane for traffic in your direction. You see a bus ahead (with this sign displayed on the rear) signalling its intention to pull out from a bus stop, you should -



	Slow down, and give way to the bus as it has priority.



	Sound your horn to stop the bus from pulling out.



	Continue at your normal speed as the bus does not have priority.



Is it an offence to obstruct clear vision of your number plates?



	Yes, at any time.



	Yes, but it is legal for a towbar or bicycle rack to cover the rear number plate.



	No, you are allowed to cover your number plates if you want to.



Before driving on a freeway, which of the following should you do?



	Make sure your vehicle has enough fuel, oil, water and the correct tyre pressure.



	Take your street directory in case you get lost.



	Take something to calm your nerves before driving.



What must you do if you miss your exit on a freeway?



	Continue until you reach the next appropriate exit.



	Stop, and reverse back along the freeway to the exit you missed.



	Stop immediately and turn around.



As you leave a freeway, which of the following should you check?



	Your speed.



	Fuel gauge.



	Windscreen wipers.



When can a private car travel in a lane marked by this sign?





	Only within 100 metres of making a turn.



	When carrying at least two passengers.



	Only to overtake another vehicle.





Are you permitted to drive a car towing more than one trailer?



	No, not at all.



	Yes, if the combined length of vehicle and trailers does not exceed 15 metres.



	Yes, provided you have held a licence for two years.



What must you do when you are towing a caravan to help other vehicles overtake?



	Keep at least 60 metres behind heavy vehicles or other vehicles towing caravans.

	Drive at least 25 km/h below the speed limit.



	Stop immediately and let the faster vehicle overtake.













drivingtestnsw.com

6 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





Are you permitted to tow a caravan with a person riding in the caravan?



	No, not under any circumstances.



	Yes, provided you do not exceed 60 km/h.



	Yes, if the person(s) in the caravan are over 12 years of age.



Before driving a long distance at fast speed or carrying a full car load, you should -



	Check your tyre pressure, and if necessary, increase it to what the manufacturer recommends.

	Make sure you have a street directory, so you know where you are going.



	Have a large meal and a cup of coffee.



If an oncoming vehicle crosses the centre line and is coming straight at you and you cannot stop, you should -



	Brake, look for room to the left, sound your horn and flash your lights.



	Slow down and hope that the driver will turn away.



	Drive onto the wrong side of the road and hope the other vehicle does not do the same.



If you are involved in an accident where your vehicle needs to be towed away and the Police does not attend the crash scene, you -



	Must report the accident to the Police Station nearest to where the accident happened within 24 hours.

	Do not need to report the accident to the Police.



	Only need to report the accident to the Police if someone was injured.



If your vehicle is involved in an accident (regardless of the damage), what details must you give, to the other driver(s), if asked?



	You must let them see your licence, take details, and give the name and address of the vehicle's owner.

	No details at all until you have contacted your insurance company.



	Only your name and address details if a Policeman asks for them.



If a vehicle you are driving is involved in an accident and a person is injured, what must you do after stopping?



	Render every assistance and take immediate steps to have an ambulance notified. Then call the Police.



	Only call the Police if the accident also resulted in over $500 worth of property damage.



	Report the accident to Police within seven days.



Stop signs or flashing lights at railway crossings should always be obeyed, because -



	Trains are fast, heavy and cannot stop quickly.



	Pedestrians might be crossing.



	Car brakes often fail.











drivingtestnsw.com

7 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You should not drive across a railway level crossing when -



	Traffic is blocking the other side.



	You are towing a caravan.



	A station is nearby.



You should use your right-hand indicator when -



	You intend to move to the right, at any time.



	You intend to slow down.



	You are about to stop.



When merging onto the freeway from the entrance, you should -



	Look for a large enough break in the traffic and adjust your speed so as to fit into the traffic flow.

	Sound your horn, turn on your indicator lights and move onto the freeway.



	Stop and check the traffic behind you on the entrance.



If you see a sign indicating road repairs are going on, you should -



	Slow down and watch for traffic controllers and instructions.



	Stop immediately and wait for instructions.



	Maintain the same speed.



You see a broken yellow line painted on the roadway adjacent to the kerb. What does it mean?



	Clearway restrictions apply you must not stop during the clearway hours.



	You may at any time, park along this part of the road for 1 hour only.



	Bicycle riders must ride along the yellow line.



If you see a horse and rider on the road what should you do?



	Slow down and give them plenty of room.



	Sound your horn to warn the rider.



	Speed up to pass the horse.



A friend lends you a van that has seats for ten passengers. What type of licence do you need to drive this type of vehicle?



	A car licence.



	A heavy rigid vehicle licence.



	A small bus licence.



What are you required to do if you develop a serious medical condition that could affect your driving?



	Once you become aware of the condition you must notify the RMS.



	Hand your licence in at the nearest police station.



	Tell your doctor and let him or her notify the RMS.













drivingtestnsw.com

8 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





A friend lends you his car. It is very noisy and blows a lot of smoke. He tells you the vehicle has been given a defect notice but it's still OK to drive it. What should you do?

	Before you borrow the car check the defect notice to make sure it is legal to drive the car.

	Borrow the car, but always drive it 10 Km/h below the speed limit.



	Borrow the car but only drive on streets where the car will not be a danger to others.



Your car registration expires today. You have your car inspected for registration renewal but it fails the inspection. What should you do?



	After today you must not drive the car until it has been repaired, passed another inspection and registered.



	You have seven days to have the car repaired, after which the RMS considers it to be unregistered.



	Go to the RMS and ask them to renew your registration and tell them you will soon get the car fixed.



You buy a car and find that the spare tyre is smooth; the tread is only just visible. If you get a puncture will it be legal to drive the car with a smooth spare tyre?



	No, it's illegal to drive a car with a smooth tyre even if it is the spare.



	Yes, but you must get the puncture fixed within 24 hours.



	Yes, if the tyre is correctly inflated and the side walls of the tyre are in good condition.



You borrow a friend's car and find that the position of the driver's seat puts you sitting a long way from the steering wheel and controls. What should you do?



	Adjust the seat forward so it's right for you.



	Put up with the discomfort; you should not adjust another person's seat.



	Ask your friend for a cushion to place behind your back.



You hold an unrestricted licence and are driving at 100 km/h in the country and pass this sign. What should you do?



	Slow down to a speed that will allow you to stop to avoid crashing into farm animals on the road.



	You can continue to drive at 100 km/h if there are fences to stop farm animals from getting on the road.



	For the next 5 kilometres you must not exceed 60 km/h unless you pass an end farm animals speed limit sign.





























drivingtestnsw.com

9 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You are turning right from one of two right turn only lanes. How should you use your indicators?





































	Indicate with your right hand signal the same as any other right hand turn.



	You should not indicate at all because it might confuse other drivers.



	Indicating in this situation is optional. Give a right hand signal if you think it will help other road users.



You are approaching an intersection that has a red light camera. The lights turn yellow when you are too close to stop safely. The lights go red as you get to the other side of the intersection. Will you receive a penalty notice?



	No, because the camera only takes a photo if you cross the stop line after the lights turn red.

	Possibly, because you were in the intersection when the lights turned red.



	Yes, but a driver is entitled to advise the Police Service and have the case heard by a court.



You are driving on a freeway and realise you forgot something at home. You want to go back for it. Can you do a U-turn on this road?



	No, not at any time.



	Yes, any time.



	Yes, providing you use the gravel joining roads.



You have a six year old child with you in your car. You have just parked so you can collect a prescription from the chemist. You should -



	Take the child with you.



	Leave the child in the car.



	Ask an older person sitting nearby to watch the child.



You want to leave your automatic car parked on a street sloping uphill. You should -



	Put the handbrake on and put the transmission in "P" (park).



	Park only on flat areas.



	Turn the wheels away from the kerb.











drivingtestnsw.com

10 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





Which vehicle is parked correctly?





	Vehicle C



	Vehicle A.



	Vehicle B.







































You have just passed this sign. Can you park on this road?





	No, not at any time.



	Yes.



	Yes, but only in daylight hours.















Where there are double dividing lines, you may park -



	At least three metres from the dividing lines.



	At least two metres from the dividing lines.



	One metre from the dividing lines.



If there are no signs or markings to advise you, can you choose any of these methods of parking?

















	No, only N is correct.



	Yes. M , N and O are a illegal.



	Yes, N is best but M and O are quite legal.

















drivingtestnsw.com

11 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)







You should angle park -



	Where there are markings or a sign indicating angle park.



	Where the road is very wide.



	Where there is plenty of room from the centre line.



This bridge has only just enough room for two vehicles. As you come close to it you should –





































	Slow down and pay extra attention.



	Sound your horn to warn the other driver.



	Maintain your speed, keeping to the limit.



Which side mirror is adjusted best?





	Mirror A.



	Mirror B.



	Mirror C.





























































drivingtestnsw.com

12 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You should be particularly careful at this intersection because –

































	The building blocks a good view of the side street.



	Intersections cause crashes.



	It looks a bit tricky.



You are in busy traffic and slow down for a bicycle rider. A driver behind you beeps a horn and pressures you to go around the bike and drive faster. How should you respond?



	Resist the pressure, stay calm and overtake the cyclist when it is safe.



	Overtake the bike quickly and speed up to stop the other driver becoming aggressive.



	Go slower because the slower you go the safer you are.



You hear the siren of an ambulance approaching you from behind. You should -



	Move into the left lane.



	Slow down to the speed of other traffic.



	Continue at the same speed.



You are driving along this road. You hear an ambulance's siren and see the ambulance in your mirror. You should –







































	Move to the left and make way for the ambulance.



	Turn into a driveway on the right hand side of the road.



	Move to the right and make way for the ambulance.









drivingtestnsw.com

13 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You are about to make a right hand turn at this intersection. You have the green light. siren and then see that a fire truck will soon overtake you. You should –

































	Stop and let the fire truck overtake you.



	Continue and make the turn because you have the right of way.



	Speed up to beat the fire truck.



When you come across roadworks -



	You must obey the signs that are displayed at all times.



	You only have to obey the signs when there are workers about.



	You only have to obey the signs during working hours.



Generally, if you hear the siren of an emergency vehicle you should -



	Pull over to the left until the emergency vehicle passes.



	Immediately come to a stop.



	Let the emergency vehicle pass and follow it closely behind.



You are approaching a green light in vehicle A. An ambulance sounding its siren is approaching the same intersection and has a red light. You should –

































	Slow down and stop if necessary to prevent getting in its way.



	Keep driving because you have the green light.



	Pull over to the left before you reach the intersection.



















drivingtestnsw.com

14 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





When you see these lights flashing on the back of a bus, what should you do?































	Drive carefully at no more than 40 km/h.



	Overtake the bus only while the lights are flashing.



	Stop and wait for the lights to stop flashing.



You are driving at night and there is no other traffic around you. When can you use your headlights on high beam?



	On any road, even if there are street lights.



	On any road where the speed limit is above 80 km/h.



	Only on roads that do not have street lights.



You want to park your vehicle for a short time. It is night time. You should -



	Pick a visible position or leave the parking or hazard lights on.



	Park on the footpath.



	Leave your headlights on high beam.



You drive up to a corner where you see some loose gravel on the road. You should -



	Slow down.



	Check the mirrors and change lanes.



	Speed up and drive over the gravel as quickly as possible.



When you are driving on a two-lane freeway, which lane should you choose?



	The left lane unless you are overtaking.



	Whichever lane has the least traffic.



	The right lane to avoid slow-moving vehicles.



When there are three lanes on a freeway -



	The right lane is reserved for overtaking.



	The right lane is for emergency vehicles only.



	The right lane is for avoiding most traffic.



When you see the headlights flashing on the front of a bus, what should you do?



	Be careful, there may be children about.



	Drive past the bus only while the lights are flashing.



	Stop and wait for the lights to stop flashing.









drivingtestnsw.com

15 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You are driving your vehicle along a street and want to stop for a short time. Are you allowed to double park your vehicle (that is stand it on the road alongside a parked car)?



	No, never.



	Yes, provided you do not leave the vehicle.



	Yes, provided you stop for a short time only and turn on your hazard warning lights.



Looking at the diagrams, how far from the approach side of a bus stop or a railway crossing are you allowed to stand or park your vehicle?

























	At least 20 metres.



	At least 50 metres.



	At least 5 metres.



Are you allowed to use a hand-held mobile phone while driving a car?



	No.



	Yes, but only when you stop at intersections.



	Yes, but you must hold the steering wheel with at least one hand.



Are you required to carry your driver’s licence with you every time you drive?



	Yes.



	No it is only needed on long trips.



	No, being licensed is enough.



Bicycle and motorcycle riders have the same rights to use the road as other motor vehicle drivers. They are, however, more at risk in traffic because -



	They are harder to see in traffic and do not have the same protection as many drivers.

	They are careless and do not obey road rules.



	They ride too fast and do not turn their lights on.



To drive safely, you need to concentrate and be able to monitor everything that is happening on the road. To do this, you need to -



	Continually scan the road, looking ahead, to the sides, checking side and rear mirrors and anticipate what may happen.

	Turn all your attention only to the road ahead.



	Ask other occupants in the vehicle to watch out for possible dangers.









drivingtestnsw.com

16 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





If you are driving towards a road works zone and a traffic controller displays a stop sign you must -



	Stop your vehicle and follow the directions of the traffic controller.



	Stop and then proceed if you think it is safe.



	Slow down and continue through the road works zone.



If you are driving through a road work zone in the left hand lane and you see this sign you should –





















	Merge to the right and give way to other traffic.



	Speed up to get in front of any cars traveling in the right hand lane.



	Stop and wait for directions.



Where must L or P plates be displayed on a vehicle -



	On the front and back of the exterior of the vehicle.



	Anywhere including on the dashboard.



	Anywhere inside the windows but only if they are not tinted.



When displaying L or P plates, how much of the letter must be clearly visible?-



	All of the letter L or P.



	Only enough of the letter so it is clear whether it is an L or P.



	Most of the letter.



Do bicycle riders have the same rights and responsibilities as drivers and motorcycle riders?



	Yes.



	No, they must always ride on the footpath.



	No, they must give way to cars at all times when riding on the road.



Before getting out of your vehicle you must -



	Check your mirrors and blind spots for pedestrians, bicycles or other vehicles.



	Check your seatbelt is back in place.



	Check your headlights are turned off.



























drivingtestnsw.com

17 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





ROAD SAFETY SECTION





Alcohol and drugs



To reduce the effect of alcohol before driving or riding you should -



	Wait. The time depends on how much you have drunk.



	Drink black coffee.



	Have a glass of water.



Before driving a motor vehicle or riding a motor cycle it is safest -



	Not to drink any alcohol.



	Drink 1 nip of spirits (30 ml or 1 oz).



	Drink 1 middy (285 ml) of light (low alcohol) beer.



Is it an offence to refuse to take a POLICE breath test?



	Yes, always.



	No, if you say you haven't been drinking alcohol.



	No, if you are a learner driver.



If you take medicine and then drink alcohol -



	It can have a particularly bad effect on your driving ability.



	The alcohol will have less effect than if taken alone.



	Your ability to react to emergencies will improve.



If you are driving a bus, taxi, hire-car, heavy motor vehicle (over 13.9 tonnes Gross Vehicle Mass), or a vehicle with a dangerous load, it is an offence when the level of alcohol in your blood reaches -



	0.02.



	0.05.



	0.08.



Having 1 or 2 alcoholic drinks before driving -



	Will affect your reactions and judgement.



	Improves your driving ability.



	Has no effect on your driving ability.



Even if you feel unaffected after drinking alcohol, you should -



	Be aware that your abilities are decreased.



	Drive, but avoid using freeways.



	Spend more time than usual looking in the mirrors.



















drivingtestnsw.com

18 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





Alcohol is a depressant. This means -



	It slows down how quickly your brain works.



	It speeds your brain up so you can work better.



	It makes you calm down and think more clearly.



After drinking alcohol you could -



	Misjudge speed (your own and others).



	Be able to drive the same as you normally can.



	Be able to pay close attention to details in the traffic.



If you are going out and going to drink alcohol, the best way to avoid having to drink and drive is to -



	Organise before hand a way of getting home where you are not the driver.



	After you have had a few drinks, start to think about how you will get home.



	Wait for one hour after your last drink before you drive home.



When drivers have been drinking, the crashes they are involved in are generally -



	More serious.



	Less serious.



	About the same.



On Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights, how many serious crashes involve alcohol?



	About 50%.



	About 30%.



	About 10%.



What is the safest way to stay under the legal alcohol limit?



	Not drinking any alcohol.



	Buying a breathalyser (alcohol measuring instrument).



	Exercising and drinking black coffee.



If you hold a learner or provisional licence class what is the Blood Alcohol Concentration (BAC) limit?



	Zero.



	0.02.



	0.05.



If you are taking any sort of medicine, you should -



	Find out from your doctor or chemist whether the medicine or drug will affect your driving and act accordingly.

	Only drive during the day after taking the medicine or drug.



	Only drive a motor car not a heavy vehicle.















drivingtestnsw.com

19 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





Before taking any drugs and then driving it is most important to -



	Know what the effects of the drug are.



	Plan to have some other person with you.



	Have some food in your stomach.



If you have used illegal drugs you -



	Must not drive.



	May drive only in light traffic.



	Should drink coffee before driving.



If you are affected by a legal drug, such as a medicine (e.g. cold or allergy tablets) -



	You must not drive.



	You must have a passenger to help you drive.



	You may drive only in daylight hours.



You want to drive your car but you have a very bad headache. A friend gives you some of their headache tablets to kill the pain. What should you do before you take these tablets?



	Read the label and confirm they are not prescription drugs and there are no special warnings on the label.

	Ask your friend if the tablets have affected them.



	Drink a large glass of milk because this reduces the adverse effects of medicines and drugs.



If you are taking several medications and you want to drive, you should -



	Ask your doctor if the combination of drugs will make it dangerous to drive.



	Drive carefully around your local streets to see if you are affected.



	Ask your passengers to let you know if you are not driving as well as you should.



Fatigue and defensive driving



Under good conditions, when driving behind any vehicle, at any speed, you should -



	Stay at least three seconds behind the vehicle in front of you.



	Drive as close to the vehicle in front as possible.



	Stay one second behind the vehicle in front of you.



When driving in wet weather, your vehicle will -



	Take longer and further to stop, so slow down.



	Stop in the same distance as on a dry road.



	Handle better, so you can go faster.





















drivingtestnsw.com

20 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





At night, if an oncoming vehicle's headlights dazzle you, you should -



	Slow down, until your eyes recover.



	Watch the centre line of the road.



	Close your eyes for a short time until they recover.



If you get sleepy while driving, it is best to -



	Stop, rest, and change drivers if possible.



	Turn on the radio very loud.



	Turn on the air conditioning or open the windows.



In wet weather when it becomes hard for you to see, you should -



	Turn on your headlights, slow down, and double your following distance behind the vehicle in front.

	Turn your headlights on high beam.



	Flash your headlights to warn other drivers.



If you are driving and it starts to rain, you should -



	Slow down using the brake gently, since rain and oil may create a slippery surface.

	Put your lights on high beam so you can see better.



	Put your hazard warning lights on and increase your speed to avoid the rain.



When driving on a slippery wet road, for example, one covered in early morning dew, your vehicle will -



	Take longer and further to stop.



	Be heavier to steer.



	Be easier to steer and handle.



Why should you avoid heavy braking on a wet road?



	Your wheels may skid and cause a loss of control.



	If the wheels lock up your handbrake may not work.



	You might wet pedestrians walking along the footpath.



At night you should -



	Leave a longer gap behind the vehicle in front.



	Use your hazard warning lights when overtaking another vehicle.



	Drive closer to the vehicle in front so they can see you better.



When it is very foggy during the day or night and your vehicle has no fog lights, you should -



	Slow down and use your low beam headlights and hazard warning lights to make your vehicle seen.

	Put on your high beam lights.



	Follow closer to other vehicles.









drivingtestnsw.com

21 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





When going on a long trip, out of the following which is the most important to do?



	Get plenty of rest before starting out.



	Make sure your horn is working.



	Have a good meal before driving.



At night, when you approach an oncoming vehicle, you should -



	Not look at its headlights, but keep left and watch the left of the road.



	Carefully watch the vehicle by looking directly at its headlights.



	Put your lights on high beam, to make your vehicle more easily seen.



Which of the following attitudes is most likely to make you a safer driver?



	When I drive, I have the main responsibility for my safety and the safety of other road users.

	It is up to other drivers to avoid crashing into me.



	Crashing or not crashing is a matter of luck.



You are about to move away from the kerb in your car. What is the last thing you should do before you move into traffic?



	Check over your shoulder.



	Adjust your seat.



	Put on your seat belt.



What is the best way to avoid hitting other vehicles, people or animals when moving off from the kerb?



	Check your mirrors and look over your shoulder before moving off from the kerb.



	Have a good look around while you walk up to your car and then drive off as soon as you can.



	Sound your horn before moving away from the kerb to warn people of your intentions.



Many people crash within the first few years of driving. What is the best way of learning to drive on your own without crashing?



	Start driving in daylight where it is not too busy and only drive in busier traffic as your driving gets better.

	Drive as much as you can with friends on the way to parties.



	Drive in every kind of traffic situation as soon as you get your licence.



It is important to scan while driving so you can see everything that is happening on the road. What does scanning involve?



	Continually looking ahead, to the sides and using all mirrors when driving.



	Looking in the rear and side mirrors continually when driving.



	Looking further ahead down the road when driving.

















drivingtestnsw.com

22 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





If you are a new driver and first start to drive at night you should -



	Drive mainly on streets that you know well.



	Drive mainly in unfamiliar streets.



	Drive long distances to improve your concentration.



You set out on a fairly long drive to see some friends. After a while you start feeling tired. What should you do?



	Pull off the road, stop and rest until you no longer feel tired.



	Stop at a shop and get a drink that contains caffeine to help keep you awake.



	Make sure you get plenty of fresh air circulating inside the car by winding down your window.



You are driving an older relative for an appointment and are running late. They ask you to go faster to get there on time. You should -



	Choose a safe speed and say you will not go any faster.



	Take the advice of a more experience driver and go faster where you can.



	Drop them off at the train station.



You are planning to drive from Sydney to the Gold Coast with some friends. To minimise fatigue and make the trip as safe as possible you should -



	Drive during the day, take plenty of breaks and share driving if possible.



	Drive mostly at night as there is less traffic on the road and therefore less risk of crashing.



	Aim to drive for as long as possible when you are feeling good so you can arrive earlier.



You should leave a gap between your vehicle and the one you are following. In good conditions the gap should be -



	3 seconds.



	1 second.



	2 seconds.



It is night time and you are driving home from the movies. You are travelling in a line of vehicles. What size gap should you leave between your vehicle and the vehicles in front of you?



	A gap of about 4 seconds as it is easy to misjudge distances at night.



	A gap of about 2 seconds so you can watch the vehicles in front closely and see when they are stopping.



	The same 3-second gap you would leave during the day.



























drivingtestnsw.com

23 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





While driving, you come across aggressive, selfish or ignorant driving behaviour by another driver. You should -



	Stay calm and in control of your vehicle at all times.



	Respond by using your horn and/or flashing your lights to let the driver know how you feel.



	Chase the car to tell the driver how to drive.



Intersections



As you approach an intersection, you should check for traffic on your left and right -



	At all times before entering the intersection.



	Only when the traffic is heavy.



	Only when you approach a stop sign.



There are no traffic signs or signals at an intersection. If you intend to drive through the intersection, you must give way to -



	Vehicles on your right.



	Vehicles on your left only.



	An oncoming vehicle about to turn right.



When making a right-hand turn at the intersection shown, you must give way to –

































	An oncoming vehicle going straight ahead or turning left and any vehicle on your right.

	A vehicle approaching from your left and intending to turn right.



	Only pedestrians.







































drivingtestnsw.com

24 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





If turning right at a T-intersection (as shown) must you give way to vehicles approaching from both the left and right?































	Yes, whether they are turning or not.



	No, only the vehicle on the right.



	No, you have right of way.



If a STOP or GIVE WAY sign has been knocked down, for example, as the result of an accident, does the line marked across the road have any meaning?



	Yes, it has the same meaning as the sign itself.



	No, but you must give way if turning.



	No, you only need to give way to the vehicle on your right.



If turning at an intersection are you required to give way to pedestrians?



	Yes, a driver turning right or left must give way to pedestrians, if there is a danger of a collision

	Yes, only if turning left.



	Yes, only if turning right.



When you come to an intersection and the road beyond is choked with vehicles going in the same direction, what should you do?



	Wait until there is room for you to completely cross the intersection.



	Proceed if there is no traffic on your right.



	Travel into the intersection and wait until traffic ahead moves.



Right-turns must be made from which lanes when travelling on a laned roadway?



	The far right-hand lane or any other lane having an arrow pointing right.



	The lane carrying the least amount of traffic.



	The far left-hand lane.





























drivingtestnsw.com

25 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





In this diagram both vehicles O and P must pass through GIVE WAY signs before entering the intersection. Which vehicle goes first?





























	Vehicle P.



	Vehicle O.



	It depends on who moves first.



Vehicle O is at a STOP sign –





























	Vehicle O must give way to vehicles P, Q and R.



	Vehicle O must give way only to vehicle R.



	All vehicles must give way to vehicle O.



If both vehicles P and O in the diagram are turning right, which vehicle is in the best position to turn left into the street marked 'X'?































	Vehicle O.



	Vehicle P.



	Neither vehicle.















drivingtestnsw.com

26 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





The diagram shows a marked pedestrian crossing at an intersection. There is also a STOP sign at the intersection. You have already stopped for a pedestrian. Must you stop again at the STOP line?





































	Yes, at all times.



	Yes, if there is traffic on your right only.



	No, if the intersection is clear.



A GIVE WAY sign at an intersection means that you must -



	Be ready to stop and give way to all other traffic if there is danger of a collision.



	Stop completely at all times and have no right of way.



	Slow down and only give way to traffic on your right.



Which vehicle in the diagram must give way?





































	Vehicle J.



	Vehicle K.



	Vehicle L.



You want to make a left turn. You must use your left-hand indicator -



	At all times.



	Only when there is traffic behind you.



	Only when arrows are marked on the roadway.











drivingtestnsw.com

27 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





At the T-intersection shown in the diagram which vehicle should give way?

































	Vehicle R.



	Vehicle Q.



	Whichever vehicle got there last.



You wish to make a right-hand turn from a ONE WAY STREET with no arrows marked on the roadway. You should position your vehicle -



	On the right-hand side of the street.



	In the middle of the street.



	On the left-hand side of the street.



When there are no arrows marked on the road, left turns must be made from -



	The far left-hand side of the road.



	The middle of the road.



	Either side of the road.



What should you do on approaching a railway level crossing displaying a STOP sign?



	Stop at all times and proceed when safe to do so.



	Slow down to 10 km/h, then proceed through the crossing.



	Stop, only if a train is at the crossing.



You are driving the car in the diagram. You must stop –

































	Even when there is no other traffic.



	Only if there is a car on your right or left.



	Only if there is danger of a collision with another vehicle.







drivingtestnsw.com

28 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





If the boomgates are down and the signals are flashing, at a railway level crossing, you may begin to cross -



	Only when the gate is up and the lights stop flashing.



	If you cannot see a train approaching.



	If you can safely go around the closed gate.



When approaching a railway level crossing displaying this sign, you must -



	Slow down, look both ways for trains and be prepared to stop if necessary.

	Increase your speed to avoid any approaching trains.



	Continue across at normal speed, do not slow down.









Even if the signal at a railway level crossing does not indicate that a train is coming, you should -



	Slow down, be ready to stop and give way if there is danger of collision.



	Speed up and cross the tracks quickly.



	Stop completely at all times.



You are in the car approaching the intersection shown, you should –

































	Drive carefully and approach at a speed which gives you good time to avoid traffic which might suddenly appear.

	Come to a complete stop before you come to the intersection.



	Flash your lights to let other vehicles know that you are coming.



You come to an intersection in Sydney with a Light Rail vehicle about to enter. What should you do?



	Wait until the intersection is clear.



	Enter the intersection, but keep away from the Light Rail vehicle.



	Change lanes before crossing the intersection.











drivingtestnsw.com

29 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)





You approach an intersection in busy traffic and want to go straight ahead. The traffic lights turn green. When are you permitted to enter the intersection?



	Only when there is room for your vehicle on the other side.



	Immediately after the traffic lights turn green.



	When the vehicle behind signals you to go.



You are at a busy intersection with slow moving traffic and want to go straight ahead. When the traffic lights change to green you should make sure that -



	You do not block the intersection.



	You have the car in the right gear.



	You do not hold up the traffic behind you.



The traffic on the other side of this intersection has stopped. You are in the car shown and want to cross the intersection. The lights are green. What should you do?

































	Wait until there is enough room for your vehicle to cross the intersection completely.

	Drive through the intersection slowly and hope that it will clear before the lights change.



	Drive into the intersection and then turn left.



Which statement is correct?



	Red light cameras take photographs of vehicles that enter intersections when the lights are red.

	Red light cameras take photographs of vehicles that speed through intersections.



	Red light cameras take photographs of vehicles that cross intersections when the lights are yellow.



As you drive into an intersection, the lights turn to yellow. You should -



	Continue through the intersection.



	Accelerate as hard as you can.



	Brake immediately to a stop.

















drivingtestnsw.com

30 of 76



Driver Knowledge Test Question Bank (IMAGE)

